Update ORTTrainer with transformers 4.22.1 release (#388)
huggingface/optimum: README.md

### Training

> Besides supporting ONNX Runtime inference, 🤗 Optimum also supports training with ONNX Runtime backend. The `ORTTrainer` class possess a similar behavior than the `Trainer` of 🤗 Transformers, but reduces the memory consumption and optimize the computation graphs during training. As a result, you will experience an acceleration and feed larger batch size to your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides supporting ONNX Runtime inference, 🤗 Optimum also supports training with ONNX Runtime backend. The `ORTTrainer` class possesses a similar behavior to the `Trainer` of 🤗 Transformers, but reduces the memory consumption and optimizes the computation graphs during training. As a result, you will experience an acceleration and feed larger batch size to your device.
```

Author: Well spotted, will fix the typos. Thanks for reviewing!
